[IMP] payment_xendit: update Xendit information (#12234)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/payment_providers/xendit.rst

#. In the :guilabel:`Webhook URL` section, enter your Odoo database's URL, followed by
   `/payment/xendit/webhook` (e.g., `https://example.odoo.com/payment/xendit/webhook`) in the field
   :guilabel:`Invoices paid` and click the :guilabel:`Test and save` button next to it.

> #. To allow recurring payments for credit card, please enable recurring payments by going to
>    :menuselection:`Payment Channels`, click :guilabel:`View Details` button for the cards channel,
>    and toggle :guilabel:`Recurring Payments` on.

Reviewer: Should this be in a tip? since it's not really part of the "API/webshook" flow? or is this mandatory, for everyone?
```suggestion
   .. tip:: 
   To allow recurring payments for credit cards, go to :menuselection:`Configuration: Payment Channels`. Then, hover your mouse over the :guilabel:`Visa, Mastercard, JCB, Amex` channel, click :guilabel:`View Details`, and enable :guilabel:`Recurring Payments` by toggling the related switch.
```
- to avoid repeating "recurring payments" 3x
- since the button is not visible unless you hover your mouse over the line
- (the last part of the sentence might be a bit overkill, you can just write *enable :guilabel:`Recurring Payments`*, I think it would be fine)

Author: It's indeed not mandatory but I think this configuration step is quite important especially for people who's going to utilise subscription. Not sure if tip or bullet point would be better in this case...
Noted on the change!
